alright hey there you two this is D
still in 15 here coming back with you
soon with some more videos of modern
warfare 2 this one's up in the estate
map I'm going to show you a couple
little roof and kind of glitches up in
here hot spots whatever you want to call
them so and I got monkey slept one of my
friends up in here with me to show you
something anything wants to help so
we're going to first is going to be
right here you got to get in that the
big green house this state house and you
want to come in out upstairs and come
right through this door from that stairs
we want to come on the saw little
railing wood railing you want to run
jump smash X again and you're up here
and you got to kind of jump one of those
these little green things and you can
walk all the way on these like get all
around stay here get a couple pills look
all the way around get all this right
here
and you can get on back on this and you
can jump on this side and then come over
here you know I we haven't found a way
to get on here we're pretty sure there's
a way you can get on top of the big the
Statehouse I'm not sure and you can also
get and if you get back on the stands
again they left you on you on this side
too then you can stay here and get some
couple kills
as you can see he's going to do it he's
on the side that's pretty much it here
to get a cup of kills because a lot of
people come from the back if you're
already up and then stay house if not
you can try to fight them in or whatever
the next ones coming by the boatyard the
boat whether river
I'm going to show you how to get on its
roof yes you can get on this roof so
we're going to come over here get on the
screen share on top of this you want to
get on top of this like Bach that little
yellow light then you want to jump jump
on this it kind of won't let you some
reason
we've got a kind of day you go honey on
the right side a little more because it
kind of stops you kind of just like you
did just saw you can regular jump onto
this would post run jump or regular jump
on here just be careful how you read
jump right in and jump then you get on
top of this roof this is actually a
perfect spot because my buddy monkey up
here got up here I went way down over
here by the house like right over there
you still can't see them went over here
laying down like this because the house
is on like a certain level on the hill
and you can't really see them you can
just lay down like right here and get
this whole area you won't be not seen
from over there unless you lest they get
upstairs but they'd have to get pretty
hot after see pretty much that's it for
that and then you go on the side get
some kids right here and wherever he's
going on no I think he's going to
greenhouse let's go see
all right he's going to go to the
greenhouse he might be up there friday
whatever he'll lead the way lead the
charge play
yeah she can get on pletely on top of
the screen up but you gotta be careful
because I'm somebody shoots at the glass
dan you will fall through that's the
funny part you want to get right here
spit all the way up see how you get
stuck you want to jump it will get your
stuff jump stop jump and push up jump
push up jump push up and don't push up
look there you go
right here monkey all other side
you know as a corner day like in the
corner
yeah it doesn't matter you got a does
matter with women you see how I did it
that's only when did you get up at it
gets you stuck right there the IQs jump
and walk forward jump a log for jump and
a lot for a while until you get all the
way up here and you get then see this to
what this is why people can get you out
you can't fall for her watch he'll shoot
me from above I'm right here man
as you can see can you will fall third
but it's a nice little nickel spot you
know power plant you sure you want to go
to this house first right here yeah the
house you missed the upper that roof huh
yeah there's about you get a little
power point over here but he forgot
about the roof um we're going to show
you how to get up on here whoops wrong
way I'm an idiot you get up on these you
cum all over around here you want to get
on this up being old ledge when it got
on top of that you can run jump a
regular jump doesn't matter what run
jump makes you secure that you get on
there you got this whole entire view cup
all there it's kind of hard to see but
it's a nice little spot and lay down
just see somebody with a sniper just
snuck them out you can also come on the
back end right here you get some killed
right here sit on the side go on the
side to the cool thing is you can come
up to the wall jump and climb up it just
just jumping match X again and you're up
there this is a little hot glue not high
spot but actually it is
yeah like monkey just gave me a good
idea like somebody's from the back you
could also come down that spot and you
can kill him right over here as you see
he's gonna head to his he found this out
on his own we were just going to show
you how those just those we just showed
you those little glitch hot spots but he
actually came up with an idea what you
can do over here so all the credit goes
to him he's going to show you see how he
gets up on here gets up on this we kind
of get pushed by that red bar right here
you want to come I seek like you get
stuck right there you got to kind of
walk around like that get your back to
it run jump all over here get over here
regular jump on this jump on this then
you can jump on that and then you're up
on this whole entire power plant thing
so you can kind of whoops got stuck
there you can walk all the way around on
every single one of these you can get
onto their get on my fence you could
also run jump onto this and you can also
run jump onto that part to see if you
can get onto this right yeah get on that
and run jump with it all right but
anyway you can get onto that and you
still get some nice little vantage point
for a couple kills kitchen you got to be
had the patience to sit back and relax
and chill and there's a little roof
right here with the ladder of course if
you ever known you can get up on here
and the cool thing is you actually get
on this chair whoops go chair you can
get on top of this top of that leaky on
top of the fence right here so you can
walk all went across this or you can get
on that fence over there and walk around
nice little spot you know shoot around
um well pretty much if there any more
hot spots behind actually there's a hot
spot right here get under this like
right here you can lay down you can turn
all the way around 360 is like right in
the spot people come down those stairs
pop pop pop
another one is over here and you want
come over here oh by the way that's but
I was just under is a nice little spot
for search and destroy you can wait from
the come out and another one is you we
get underneath the whole thing just in
case you might hear somebody you can
hide my seam they don't see you but you
can hide real quick come out shoot them
up suppression strike get in the boat ha
tinh stay out of sight
well I think I pretty much wraps it up
and tough find more things but what you
can do please stay tuned I will keep you
informed on more videos I'm going to
have more up I'll make him make it may
make more extended videos on the maps
I've already shown because I might find
more ways they're more places to get on
so I pretty much hope you enjoyed this
video please subscribe to me d still in
15 i hope you enjoy and give a special
thanks to monkey out there and see how
later